1. AI model setting did not apply to the agentic search app; also returns this error. 
[1] DEBUG:httpcore.connection:connect_tcp.started host='ncslp30300' port=8814 local_address=None timeout=30 socket_options=None
[1] INFO:werkzeug:127.0.0.1 - - [13/Feb/2026 08:39:01] "POST /api/search/search_agentic_stream HTTP/1.1" 200 -
[1] DEBUG:httpcore.connection:connect_tcp.failed exception=ConnectError(ConnectionRefusedError(111, 'Connection refused'))
[1] DEBUG:httpcore.connection:connect_tcp.started host='ncslp30300' port=8814 local_address=None timeout=30 socket_options=None
[1] DEBUG:httpcore.connection:connect_tcp.failed exception=ConnectError(ConnectionRefusedError(111, 'Connection refused'))
[1] DEBUG:httpcore.connection:connect_tcp.started host='ncslp30300' port=8814 local_address=None timeout=30 socket_options=None
[1] DEBUG:httpcore.connection:connect_tcp.failed exception=ConnectError(ConnectionRefusedError(111, 'Connection refused'))

1.1 make sure that AI settings was successfully passed to all apps, including agentic search, dashboard, labelcomp, and drugtox.

2. the height of Official FDALabel badge in the internal env is different from others. we can remove this "Access internal search interfaces for FDALabel and CDER-CBER versions." to adapt to same height;

3. afd.db is still synced even added to ignore. we should remove it from the .git history to stop updating this database across different dev sites.

4. re-design the agentic search homepage, including: (1)no user related functions like ai config, log out; (2) remove the drug-snippet icon. (3)revise the welcome page to clarify the specific tool of this app, instead of the whole askFDALabel (suite)

5. change the labelcomp, snippets, and agentic search overall layout, to be consistent with the suite homepage, dashboard and drugtox

6. implement to full function of the user dropdown list: only keep the ai config and add change password above log out. we will mostly manage the projects and favorites in the dashboard.

7. there are two sets of FDALabel env defined:

FDALABEL_DB_HOST=ncsvmlbldbtst2.fda.gov
FDALABEL_DB_PORT=1521
FDALABEL_DB_SERVICE=lbltst2
FDALABEL_DB_USER=[hidden]
FDALABEL_DB_PASSWORD=[hidden]

FDALabel_SERV=ncsvmlbldbtst2.fda.gov
FDALabel_PORT=1521
FDALabel_APP=lbltst2
FDALabel_USER=[hidden]
FDALabel_PSW=[hidden]

we need to only use one across the whole app; keep the FDALabel_SERV and so on(second set)